Home | My Site
top of page
Built on
867
About Us
Over The Years
Projects Portfolio
Sponsors
Menu
Close
About Us
Over The Years
Projects Portfolio
Sponsors
BUY TICKETS!
Absolute
Value
8
6
7
Engineering Design & Development
Taking engineering to the absolute value.
ARCADIA HIGH SCHOOL,
ARCADIA, CA
About Us
Learn by doing. Build. Grow annually.
01
Hello!
Hello! We are Team 867 "Absolute Value". We are a completely student-led engineering team based at Arcadia High School in Southern California. For more than two decades, our students have taken ideas from paper to reality, competing with systems they build themselves
02
EDD
Our program is connected to Arcadia High School's Engineering Design and Development (EDD) CTE capstone course. Members come from many backgrounds but all follow an engineering pathway that gives them the opportunity to apply what they learn in the classroom to real engineering challenges.
03
Competitions
Members in the EDD class compete in the FIRST Robotics Challenge (FRC), JPL Invention Challenge, and Wonderworks. We typically focus on FRC in the second semester, while in the first semester, we train our members by having them compete in the other competitions, before transitioning into FRC, where the entire team works together to create a full-scale competition robot.
04
Upcoming Years
In the coming years, Arcadia High School is also preparing to expand its engineering facilities, giving programs like ours the potential to serve more students and take on larger projects. We are focused on our ability to compete, train new members, and build our program, which will allow us to fully use those opportunities in the future.
05
Fundraising
As a high-cost student engineering program with no school funding, we depend heavily on sponsors, grants, and in-kind support to keep these opportunities accessible. We are always looking for and open to sponsors to continue supporting engineering in Arcadia.
06
Outeach
Students in EDD participate in outreach events throughout the year to support STEM in any way possible. We believe that STEM should be accessible and taught to everyone. By teaching hundreds of students and helping others across the globe, we strive towards our mission of contributing to STEM every day.
Rooted in Difference
Our team brings together students with different technical interests, experiences, cultures, and perspectives. Students who come from historically underrepresented groups participate throughout our technical and leadership roles, while members from a variety of cultural backgrounds work together toward one engineering goal. Each member's distinct upbringing contributes to their unique qualifications that provide us with something especially valuable in engineering: different ways of solving the same problem.
Every year, only around 15 experienced members return. THis means more than half of our team begins each season with no previous experience. Rather than seeing this as a disadvantage, we make teaching part of our colture. New students first participate in other competitions during the fallbefore joining the larger FRC build, creating a cycle where experience students teach the next generation.
Student Leads
Kay Singhal
Team Captain
Amanda Hang
Outreach Lead
Dylan Lin
Control Systems Lead
Cyrus Chow
Mech Lead
Iris Shi
Mech Lead
Tiger Ho
Operations Lead
OUR PARTNERS
A JOURNEY OF INNOVATION
HIGHLIGHTS FROM PAST EVENTS
Main entrance, 2030
Barcelona
Material workshop, 2029
Paris
Typo trends, 2029
Paris
Main conference, 2027
Milan
INFO
For those attending Arcadia High School
Where
180 Campus Drive,
Arcadia, CA 91006
Meetings
Mon, Tue, Thurs, Fri:
2:33 PM - 3:30 PM (in school)/ ~ 6:00 PM (occasionally)
​
Wednesday:
2:13 PM - 3:00 PM (in school)/ ~ 6:00 PM (occasionally)
Saturday:
9:00 AM - 2:00 PM (occasioinally)
Competition Schedule
Recruitment
Sponsors:
CONTACT US!!!
Thank you for supporting the next generation of engineers.
Built on
Wix Studio
CLICK ABOVE!!!
FOR ANY QUESTIONS PLEASE EMAIL
arcadiaedd.team867@gmail.com
Instagram: @ahs.frc867
About Us
Over The Years
Projects Portfolio
Sponsors
bottom of page